Impromptu Zoom Meeting - March 19
VIEW RECORDING - 6 mins (No highlights): https://fathom.video/share/tHUFHGwUN-oNX3Dsuwbzr896m3DMu5Hz

---

0:03 - Jason Lowery (jsonanalytix.com)
  Okay, now pretend it's not there, and we'll be soon. I think it'd be so cool, because I always have trouble, like, packing, or, like, just finding outfits for specific events, and I also, like, have a small closet, so it's hard for me to be able to, like, see everything I have, so a lot of stuff I'll have to put away, like, trying to organize, but I'll forget about it, especially, like, So I think it'd be so cool if I could go through one day, video all my stuff, or, like, take pictures of all my stuff, and then it can go into, like, an app, and then I can talk to, like, an AI chatbot, be like, hey, like, I'm going on this, like, trip to Thailand, I don't know, like, pick me out, I can give it all the information, like, where I'm going, like, city or beach, or how long, you know, and so just give me a packing list, and then it'll, like, pick out outfits for me, and, like, with pictures, and I don't know.  So wait, so you would, you would do, like, I don't know how that would work with it giving me pictures back of my stuff.  So you would give it pictures that are like cement, okay, cement pictures of it. Stuff that I already have, and then it could like, there could be like something where it takes out the background, so it was just like, you know, the shirt outline, and then it could like pair it with like a skirt and shoes and maybe even like jewelry and a hat.  So you would like have to take pictures, like individual pictures of every little piece? Or I was thinking, I don't know if this would work, but like a video would obviously be easier because you can go and like video everything, and then it could like pull from the video.  I feel like that might be a little hard. But honestly, if you had like a kind of a bank, a clothing bank or something where it's like, maybe it's the first time you use the app, you take a picture of like everything.  But then, or it could just be like, as you get new clothes, you just. Thanks. Exactly. I feel like up front, yeah, you'd have to take pictures of like a lot of stuff.  But like, once you like, I don't, I don't buy that much stuff. Like, you know, by the, you know, one thing a month, that's new.  So like once a month, I'd have to like update it with that. But then like, basically, it would be a clothing trip planner or like a, or daily, just like, or daily, I guess that's right.  Even if I'm like trying to find, just like look at, I don't want to go through my clothes and see every single thing I have.  I could just like scroll through, like, I could do that on my phone, but it'd be nice to have like an app and then it could organize it into like winter, summer, accessories, shoes.  Or like, you know, certain events. So you're going to, or like, certain moods you're in, obviously the weather. Yeah.  People like data for like the weather, like wherever. I am, it could give me, like, tips about what I, if I, like, need suggestions about, like, what to buy, like, if there's gaps in my, if I want it, like, there's, like, a capsule wardrobe that everybody wants, which basically is, like, basics that will make outfits, like, a lot, or, like, a whole bunch of different things, and you don't have to, like, have, like, a whole bunch of different ones, but if there's any gaps in my wardrobe.  Yeah, and then it could be, like, sometimes it could be, like, you know, create an outfit that I wouldn't normally, you know, think about, or something like that, or, you know, I'm going on a date, this is what he's wearing, or this is what, you know, yeah, this is where I'm going, or, like, yeah, that's actually a really cool idea, I like that.  I thought, okay, so I got the idea, because there was, it was, like, Lizzie McGuire, I think, remember that show?  Yeah. They did it, and one of their shows, she was, like, oh, Maybe it wasn't, but it was on Disney Channel show.  She had something like that, and I was like, that is the coolest thing ever. Oh my gosh, you can take a picture of yourself, and then you can, like, post on you.  That would be cool. I mean, you can do, I know that there's stuff like that now. Not for, like, this used case, but, like, the, I mean, like, what would I look like with this haircut, or what look like with this, you know, whatever.  So that would be, like, that could be, like, one component of it, but, like, the main thing would be, like, help me, I guess the main pain point is, like, not knowing, or not wanting to search through your whole closet, and just kind of, like, letting it go to its, you know, database, and, like, figure out what, based off of whatever occasion, or planning, like, a loan trip, or, like, needing, like, seven days worth of something.  Yeah. I think that's pretty Cool. Let me think if I have any other questions. You can do, like, I literally just use a backpack, so I need my stuff to, like, be able to have multiple outfits with, like, a small variety of clothes.  I can't have, like, an outfit per day after, like, mixed and match because I'm just traveling with a backpack.  That could be something, or you could tell how many, if you're doing a carry-on and a check bag, whatever.  Yeah. Okay. Let me, uh... I feel like there's a lot to go, that goes into that question. I thought I'd share.